name -> ilcpsklryvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 20059	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pbwllsrehfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 3135	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> witrsglrexattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 48537	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> punbqfgxmuattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 20925	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lfvenhyuhuattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 40364	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mibdnjdbeyattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 43368	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bltouujdrbattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 20492	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bflqpottpeattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 5771	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jcrgwdlpgiattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 32871	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dtusippyvxattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 43451	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> enodqasajoattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 25856	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cpjlhbmdahattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 44395	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kssdsldebeattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 4538	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> esdntrrvysattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 45499	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tpfoelthroattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 28804	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wdysvspwlkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 23730	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ultbwpiqhiattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 5624	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cyeasvxggfattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 20163	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yvjxnspubqattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 27684	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lhugesmmxwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 25210	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gbnwvftyveattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 15667	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cajiuywtvgattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 11972	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> akwyprxnxpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 8581	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hfteetxbafattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 45884	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vrenlebjtcattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 2021	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dowiixlidxattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 21648	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rvseavnwypattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 12497	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lacvanhelkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 26304	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> axgctwysocattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 681	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jbkjorpceeattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 36429	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> canvyornruattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 8390	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qtbhlrkrxlattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 45425	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cjpbyhosfiattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 4346	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qcdevpwubfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 18627	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ofmpmektoyattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 25433	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nqujgrgkymattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 48518	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xixmoihdhoattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 33459	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> anyihgsiuyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 18363	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xwgmhprqhpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 31491	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gvmpefxagqattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 46139	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nfsvummeckattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 33483	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> htylcalksfattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 38711	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qafoosssfhattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 24030	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bsldsyonecattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 32919	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> trvkmqdsxdattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 44018	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nfpifevlikattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 6851	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> sdkguoyurbattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 13981	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lfuslrhvevattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 44427	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> iwxfnwafxoattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 26924	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> heesxlpdjmattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 39848	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wwekvhpwvbattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 21703	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hjdgwujijxattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 2715	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ojgkqyjoadattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 39114	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> brwxmghwgaattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 2254	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nhtggduihgattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 18825	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rbwhjggphiattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 12297	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ecjmhhvqnkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 19086	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> piobquradoattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 1360	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mdhvkfnapuattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 7722	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hwcbtvbykdattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 36610	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pbycgmcyhqattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 42735	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jubfqdedisattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 39672	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> aawimchvsjattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 48159	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> elmwqqcamhattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 1173	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bopnqwmmjdattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 5856	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ucpltrlibmattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 4667	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> heeaeqmntlattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 12760	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pobliotkcvattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 109	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> okxucnixyfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 38156	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xlvicpuglpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 9954	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ryjtottnbbattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 26343	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gaqlrmrecsattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 49207	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> icmwxhmaiwattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 48153	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fskxffejxkattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 34280	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kfbiopixnhattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 24220	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nqnuvrevfsattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 37088	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> thtkxfinmeattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 22351	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rflpyplgljattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 23287	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tretyojnsdattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 5404	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jtpkmdtamcattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 13610	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> elhedqrvwfattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 11528	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> auhmyboldbattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 18506	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rovufqtexmattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 6312	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jpgituuwvuattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 25676	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> paswqocqdmattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 3333	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yutspqromnattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 6202	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dhevvinaupattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 40634	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gcuwvolidlattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 32339	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vfrtnhtkarattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 1990	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uxhqmubpjbattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 15609	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> onkexgoxbyattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 46704	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> caeqwhjgltattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 38427	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> sgxsmosnntattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 4486	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nxukferqxaattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 36966	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wwqlmjcadwattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 5951	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yelgjdajdwattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 46560	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kwawieynejattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 18775	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fbrqetcjqpattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 47776	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bamlenaiwqattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 3540	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sptyjvidmdattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 46534	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jtvpjvyhpbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 13037	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cgkneuqsydattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 6942	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nqlapmjhpaattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 12880	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nehtaxnbbxattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 18681	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yckootvhwqattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 9587	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> soguovvsvjattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 4697	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ykiphhyexpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 42349	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pssfoqaldkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 19204	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> pvbwfcddtuattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 39563	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> iqrxhrlkdnattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 9895	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> sbjxdmexhgattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 33044	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mjfweqjjgrattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 13171	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ywjflpfvxdattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 19942	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ehjiatrilpattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 32973	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xvujnahleiattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 14410	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tdqvyifkbpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 40926	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yfamhhxlrhattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 32538	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sukrfreihsattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 1485	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ppjwailtrfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 43320	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rrfwjkitfiattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 21784	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ahkcrxvlfpattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 36956	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xwdhhnbmwuattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 38014	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xtlprjdyyeattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 40292	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oxqvltkkpcattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 41089	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> irgablydpcattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 42161	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lcgywqkourattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 35767	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lksmvtrmvjattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 28674	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cifbarpwlbattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 40563	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bfuwanlvybattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 34416	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ahiccxypbkattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 28447	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dyydonbnqpattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 47036	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vjnajopkaaattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 32362	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oeidtjtlcfattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 12034	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ukphyhrbibattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 12082	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oviifethjcattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 37967	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ekrgsmhdnmattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 49551	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yqtgupoetlattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 8726	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> omohbykonxattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 14401	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tqgogwubjdattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 28155	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> upfvqrnepiattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 15235	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bbtkbqnkwxattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 42200	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rjykbooswfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 13256	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jlikdvwatyattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 29885	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vffytvrtdfattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 43370	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> icilxfntfvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 34200	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hidehwakceattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 7902	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gvxebmbikxattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 32271	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ggmndmbisjattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 44861	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hheltfthdmattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 6628	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jahpoixitxattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 4589	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vmfsraauodattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 20737	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oyiejioegtattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 46499	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nsyfubcledattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 7055	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> eomowdufylattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 1114	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jrhhvlsaqgattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 21894	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kiihmdpnroattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 8641	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> knxgcrjuayattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 11002	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kqoytgnlunattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 16848	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nrarjjnlkvattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 49356	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wemtkchhpbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 32904	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vojhawslstattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 45657	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nptatcjjfuattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 13522	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ngeodyaxttattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 14872	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> otsjxeudafattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 24031	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ncgseitxdmattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 15469	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> pvonblqbqcattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 48226	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> exrihnimbfattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 49372	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tgfwsyxldbattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 14626	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yisgvduyioattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 24656	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pjhkkhvoifattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 1842	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> asqvymvjdmattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 32775	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mluwsrldyrattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 8466	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ljhkvfucrqattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 44874	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ktdgnrjojcattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 36442	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> enrctmelgbattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 32050	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vjulbfcmhcattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 33661	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ccdvphjxklattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 43554	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nyyrebeodoattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 24902	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> efavpktaxrattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 32619	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> saexbkmhyeattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 23786	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rjljvfjtabattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 43658	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ioolcdsbhcattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 14037	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vrtrafnahwattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 2159	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ahdckwgtblattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 2368	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kvpmefmlenattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 48609	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qjecikvjxkattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 18158	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hndlsrwafmattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 27717	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bmrjypuwcbattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 10494	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hddcwcefoqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 22944	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iuwjmthpvfattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 8697	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cdnafrfvkqattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 15439	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lhibcpqaupattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 20958	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lupspwqaqdattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 11558	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qkjucawapfattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 42831	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> enttlmvertattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 42587	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aeqegnevsfattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 29600	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> pdmdpkhifrattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 47069	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xyleoschxgattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 12074	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> etgvfogmidattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 26130	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> eldsgicgqtattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 2551	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xjwfaetjjqattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 32074	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kmwqubylusattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 41643	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> frehvxqiosattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 45150	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mpwjqvxnrnattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 48250	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rrvqppygiqattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 47988	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dbptwnjqcqattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 38995	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oxbencmvshattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 42104	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hkvfyfxdxgattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 19591	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ofwfikbbtcattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 7433	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tovuvtxuaoattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 26938	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ttbceffyhvattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 37958	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yayvwwqwlcattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 36498	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sqqyvvxftqattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 17875	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dfwaenwssbattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 48901	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uovsmvyhnuattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 16392	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wsaeiawbdiattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 39062	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bwcqsbaixmattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 15969	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mbiwdfyinlattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 4415	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> omukpusqhvattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 19189	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rdbwicfxqwattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 5162	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> btqtojkyfbattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 37783	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nhlvltvcqyattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 36143	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mcjdovevwtattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 19199	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> irpwlmyclvattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 44996	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yaknwpjvlfattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 8846	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> obocpqfdopattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 14672	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wwavokubrkattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 47529	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ficuyjynyfattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 5932	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hbxvnuwhhqattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 1503	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nvbnfcdhhbattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 28520	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xmonhnxphhattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 25027	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xjpdlvkuwhattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 10196	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iotserklbuattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 28875	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lgbxcnuyxeattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 38131	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wefcvppwnhattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 5751	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hlsjbokysqattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 5738	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rnyqfppsydattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 36614	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> awbbnlbicfattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 26585	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xbcgsryrwdattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 1477	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> btvofywkecattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 11964	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qpvjjuchbcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 24831	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> anvimusqyhattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 304	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> veygbbpcgcattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 16065	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fsvrqokrxeattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 45291	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wmpynfdvjdattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 6181	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> betrufmsjwattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 44003	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> psmgaqcmvnattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 3315	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> topovcjfaaattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 48480	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aredkhpgwwattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 16945	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ldyhgioilrattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 9428	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wwfhguqdrqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 46585	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oriwcwhnrgattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 2050	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wxsfujiodeattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 44215	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hbekblautkattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 49257	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hkqdwyrafpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 44011	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pjaswcnrmyattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 34190	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cdvbfndkfwattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 23764	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> afuwhiowkmattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 21361	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ohktvqhdnqattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 32669	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yafhjtgtjeattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 31851	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> imdgdkksebattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 40800	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bbemukggpuattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 13700	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ouprhamnekattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 23446	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yeavogdgeeattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 707	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ecnoedeingattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 44010	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ooadxfmejdattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 47845	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yxiddmoqvyattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 19532	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yeewjqduvlattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 22095	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> umnxccqxdjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 16204	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ktrvmuqigcattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 39348	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nmppogpurpattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 17423	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uvehswscyoattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 4018	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> iftynjticeattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 12649	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wohsmaunqoattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 21752	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kfraqlisqdattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 33778	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rfveissyjhattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 19291	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vhwotfimkeattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 36058	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nqgvmbvvidattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 32056	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nnjjttxgxiattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 16118	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lqdxsbudfmattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 47565	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dfuyytiwcgattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 21063	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hilakidpweattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 17537	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tybsujsarxattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 34551	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jqxtydlwjdattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 46296	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wihstcsldqattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 7882	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ypxaujwfooattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 23415	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ahdtkvhnmlattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 38149	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qjulvuqmlcattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 26621	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gmqqkygympattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 6391	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bbswxmljokattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 35244	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> iyfsanrmdyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 22951	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ewscjeoaoyattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 14218	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tuvvipkorgattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 9589	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nwrydgysflattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 255	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ccaltlcltmattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 73	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wnpbvqvdfoattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 23111	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nqmheovybpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 20526	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> omqmdoqifxattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 15215	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ipinegohwtattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 25909	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vbabpsmvslattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 1103	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> spbywpgvktattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 29145	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vueonskigkattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 46467	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iwjhnpdajqattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 18078	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yyyotjxbvkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 22958	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gfwvwaxjsgattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 48145	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tpapbaqykcattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 3683	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> peqngowyuyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 27022	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> prgsrwsfbfattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 48632	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ldvurutpucattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 18689	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jlkdkfkolkattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 36264	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rjamewcbybattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 11548	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lihvnrmberattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 36066	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cengbrkdsdattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 32104	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mvkcqaeurjattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 28046	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aqnelxhebnattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 31530	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dfjtfprxbjattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 13102	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vanhxunblgattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 25673	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> exnjpfhqqjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 27710	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kxsluhminsattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 38953	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bjjsosjhcjattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 6842	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pvrmfhvsckattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 24967	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cglsbubegkattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 29474	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wdhcmfwopuattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 29709	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pjmqgpwpbvattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 1055	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jjxxoungqcattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 14788	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ymvhdtwerrattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 5811	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> whhnewtubjattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 14453	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qnevjbccunattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 17428	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kkprjjokvsattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 24366	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hvmsyquufpattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 37668	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gxxrkodghcattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 13891	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> omxodvlklbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 23678	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bowlectlgtattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 4069	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> igsnceyphsattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 26411	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ajnelisteoattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 18156	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> opjstikbdjattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 49846	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fteseymkplattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 36476	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rfhnprrtdbattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 22202	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xgwdflnuxrattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 46743	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> apdqkumnxkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 38416	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wvpckgykaxattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 10615	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> grlsoxiniyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 5435	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ieqsmsdnqkattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 1323	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> psceqkrcmdattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 4140	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wgrjyuyrijattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 42812	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hwfxjacvfgattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 18766	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wkhyigsqryattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 21172	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tkudkacpgdattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 47180	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> sltdtnvooxattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 15220	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fxvrxxjebvattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 26965	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dkyyawnougattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 33996	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uhcsflajjnattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 26224	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kmhkkvchewattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 5037	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> txhclhluutattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 29920	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> isquoscuqeattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 33150	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xipjsbepxpattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 33403	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vqomkshdxnattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 1868	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dvwvydowthattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 37814	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> grvsmgxmtpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 38812	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kxkjdbhykxattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 1884	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ddqqlqdhgkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 25270	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> uqsxtaxebeattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 20285	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> phkbaojibdattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 37732	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yatsdtagaeattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 25565	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yviymtjnxkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 31245	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xpmdjojjskattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 41187	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kxcxtllrxaattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 34689	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> exapmlyhvcattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 37681	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gfaasnuqppattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 26368	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> spafbbmxgdattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 16327	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hbubrpthfdattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 4212	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> caxfdmdjqeattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 42383	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> krscjplqslattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 25325	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cjjfvppovyattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 20491	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kpvtfkkaxoattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 14255	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> onxkdpcbovattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 41275	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rpswadwxtrattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 6802	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pdavvcwkxdattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 23201	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qevqjuqdooattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 8320	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> beewgchhhrattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 6831	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kjcwesathsattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 42036	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> plnvpxdwpaattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 22926	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kvpqoskxluattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 43829	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pgvhecgvctattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 34825	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xtyoolmagkattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 25496	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> flrlnxirsqattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 39305	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bwjpivrrjvattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 38773	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jclybvqvosattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 24136	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ikrtimlritattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 18681	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> irclpuhenvattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 7539	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bkmjyaehtyattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 48891	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kycatmekkrattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 49117	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ebvebanxbaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 23656	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fedcqkmbclattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 30985	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ouppugnwicattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 36858	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mnsexfhcshattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 49265	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kgygmpfvrnattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 42482	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> upqsxbvsilattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 21485	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qmweccatraattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 34570	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kraisvebkaattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 16367	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ebhidjdwldattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 28313	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fdvxaabmagattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 31157	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ixqohtltyyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 24020	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xftahumherattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 49162	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kdxtympxnhattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 19259	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> orbymqisifattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 29913	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qtxqgqqtxqattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 43119	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> njpaayvkevattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 7165	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jctrskntdlattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 44778	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mmwplsarrwattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 27694	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> warrnflqskattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 38317	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> etuqpwihvbattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 14440	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ramfhawaltattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 38574	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tdilbtsyudattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 18845	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vwufyrgmnkattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 42747	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dcrgvmfqppattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 34267	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qxorswfgkvattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 17702	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> euebhmrwcbattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 7840	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qsgjplrahcattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 7325	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ujmcvecbiqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 9645	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nxjfldiugfattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 48529	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> okimpkpabjattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 48922	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> uvwicfdindattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 17994	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ehnvtdvxocattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 43996	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tmfvtjehocattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 38180	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ombjryhhbrattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 15840	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cfgvqngfrlattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 980	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> twtnwduawaattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 48130	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ngretakloqattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 5323	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wlfvodwmfcattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 29225	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gmcdnoqchuattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 15277	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> phofmnrrrtattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 30259	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xfhltypetcattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 14936	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uwdhmwbfstattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 33335	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pbplchpvlcattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 28996	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> uvtivupoqwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 38548	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bonewdckhpattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 14148	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vburxkhoklattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 25260	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ylsxqxjynqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 16406	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hjfitmwgakattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 12974	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kxubxgalwyattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 4606	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rfwotwuvhvattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 21989	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> owjmfjaeisattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 11320	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aciwbdsicfattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 49117	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oqwwcybnrvattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 42435	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nspowlabqqattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 7607	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> atwdsaqkvvattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 45414	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jxnijpjchkattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 25111	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hqxcrqoposattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 38786	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ljcxbnaixpattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 13495	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> onngedvuvbattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 19664	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aebcsdmsspattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 30701	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oviuygsukmattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 48430	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lhieluaellattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 38386	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ilejtwhejlattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 4939	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wbjiwjokxuattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 48064	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ccbvbkdmvlattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 13070	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wejvqbgqvtattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 22704	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hyiijlvhyxattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 22692	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wnnpqtgmpoattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 35339	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ptlbhjjhjgattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 43589	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ckpshxhwmbattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 9608	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> exlohuvqejattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 43067	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dwxmugjjjjattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 31351	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yvngslyyuwattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 13736	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iwiffsoocgattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 34927	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aorvdruaqaattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 19422	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> umechvrmciattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 4885	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cpjfhefageattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 7236	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ycbgxusaffattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 19836	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bsykahkglsattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 32276	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> eqocnjfsqvattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 44720	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nfvnojwaecattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 37531	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yhomqtfkpsattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 37199	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ghrusqwwsqattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 19076	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ibjburlnmhattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 46774	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iyncpmbjdjattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 45022	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xlwufkiruxattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 15875	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ynmpbnbgxnattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 27536	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> afgfrqxmptattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 49319	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hjnkxorxcdattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 28239	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tgwmxwbptwattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 24502	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lynlnhjsmsattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 47685	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tvstsvjounattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 49964	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qepenayaujattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 47351	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wfmsevhylmattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 30706	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mxbaadcuohattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 27337	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> sqfwopxbenattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 31163	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> njioonjdulattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 5746	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nbsessfxhmattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 14141	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aufoiqtgfjattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 19487	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> quajnihuwqattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 42086	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> iaatqtcxgsattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 7229	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ymgnwqiujjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 25815	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pecixehgwlattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 24859	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wnfveqspcpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 47137	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qkiqqrapfwattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 46200	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pxcvovltltattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 8129	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> odsfusudrsattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 7092	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> siijgtdrqwattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 13134	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mvykqwniroattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 13438	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xmneirybqoattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 654	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aqvqnlyhchattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 2950	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ogdwxebqscattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 44903	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tbwjoxqqgoattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 11647	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dhhdliufmiattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 16929	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> faqvximgytattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 31367	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yjbnrxuegtattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 22652	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> crbbcpjdkwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 48876	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> keffcaljtnattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 43956	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aavcqfidegattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 5633	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nscrvnbrbhattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 34636	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mktfrciwkpattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 38782	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dtiyjlqntdattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 42346	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gujaytwkjtattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 7199	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> smfeawrtcbattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 26033	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fhgfbfrmyyattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 13478	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rnyrmroosuattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 7757	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pesskkgllhattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 6122	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mfvyympskyattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 16586	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qvrdixovheattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 31092	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xwqylgrvgfattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 8292	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qgpbheaqkjattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 36186	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kxbwfvsndjattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 19592	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ayxjgxbqkmattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 16064	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ntispdivnlattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 35878	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> corkpuccjlattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 31784	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dfkvlsrbemattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 44036	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cnhrijtrwkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 37876	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ibvttpwberattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 3933	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vbaenwxkjeattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 16576	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cekxvhyacmattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 46868	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wsxkpywydkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 36515	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vkprupuwcrattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 22124	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rtujstkxesattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 21908	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vawqptptoxattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 38989	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ijabflbkejattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 13714	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qtiinaccywattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 9618	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> epwkdxuhhbattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 37568	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mfqdfuhgsoattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 20295	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mayqyvaiwyattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 27559	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qrmxmufhjkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 4617	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rimsgncgmqattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 23021	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nctdwykilyattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 5211	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wcedpilcchattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 33675	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cvyawkkilmattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 18790	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tufjgroibyattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 22791	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> offlrqtgfwattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 41427	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yovhgkphjhattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 44023	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fvbaoxgturattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 49086	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cufifwsqekattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 22593	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qxrhvxetrhattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 6630	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aughtbxyndattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 48203	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> biaxherbnxattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 6332	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> erqxsoyhuhattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 37673	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hpkqterjclattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 6226	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uiaoyyvvjdattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 23156	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vseswxcckwattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 35179	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ohkqiimrofattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 19770	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> omclkfnwebattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 9487	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> topexcyohlattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 13540	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cjloqymvcrattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 26780	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ubgudfjnssattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 36492	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> emdumpqqhuattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 28464	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pwtvcdlvxvattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 24424	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mfpbujrfgxattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 29461	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iabkgmigkiattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 46870	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aqxxarfgpaattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 26647	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> alliatokdiattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 34764	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fkefelnumfattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 47987	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xmkxgcklmbattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 22636	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vieburxjyaattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 14362	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ytmixwtmytattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 35785	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sthnohwnjlattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 44174	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uyiuvehwapattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 28855	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ytlndlemwvattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 49997	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vhotmytooiattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 48784	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fbhimlulihattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 29808	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sowfpqvfbrattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 16639	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rurfhpspwcattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 45472	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ohlexhlcbmattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 7236	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gidnxvfvyfattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 5135	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> sgaspnwrbuattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 25615	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> affyclwbqbattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 37158	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qsagiyaluyattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 20520	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bbsdorghuxattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 47445	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ppfbogmlhfattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 9962	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ppjehplcnqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 46875	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rchjkvuucoattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 41966	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> guypmmtcdeattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 23197	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bhimfghjwfattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 43152	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wwtjjnlntnattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 49384	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> slbxtkirpyattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 5141	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nlnxybnspwattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 40200	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nrbiclcrluattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 3447	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ikcjmrfeocattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 9500	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> recwpeqdcwattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 766	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bxsppxvhcfattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 18384	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ndvdknhmmcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 21048	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xlmoljxooeattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 15548	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> erhofobrsgattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 38747	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kavvjtkaxkattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 5342	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lydqpeklmoattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 45538	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nwuaqhcqrbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 46925	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ytwrajdnadattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 20483	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fhkxpnqhoyattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 26103	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wqryawmactattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 104	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lqjdebnucaattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 2750	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qxcsuotxlkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 36851	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sniyqxwsyfattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 25400	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xhsuxoujbqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 29381	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tiolhngisdattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 7442	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> btackvllonattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 579	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pqewekhyptattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 31052	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xdtibgvrvdattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 28354	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> upvbaddqaeattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 23691	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tdsuloohrqattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 26538	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dxwebawdgmattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 33153	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> grvrgkbycgattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 49502	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> atcetbhcncattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 2092	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jphqckreqsattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 23804	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xncsqjwgnoattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 16771	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nrjpdbwvvfattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 11918	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> isdyfagsqiattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 47599	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rekwhhsfmdattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 20292	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mkgrmmlevcattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 34999	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fhtmqprdsrattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 10509	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vfqlteppgxattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 25092	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> besrtkumeaattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 14904	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jgvdlnvtlqattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 40389	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> sjdovabaagattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 13308	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ruadkvyvogattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 32124	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ingenjgqpaattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 39229	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yyflwhhlnrattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 26695	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kofyxlrplwattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 5695	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tfnrowdeoqattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 6049	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nnanbrdpoyattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 11413	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ujjjgnnuggattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 16735	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> auiboosdpfattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 36991	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> albibqfjxjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 3024	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> thajxsonbmattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 23728	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qqqrkwbiggattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 5612	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wbnuucjvqkattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 9810	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> exvouywegkattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 43608	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kdthifdyqxattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 43180	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ehdbjcfrpoattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 28673	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dktlqynhynattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 42797	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hedqhjiwapattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 24780	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> pihghwpgleattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 37092	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vobfajebcsattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 47018	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bvwjuprgtkattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 251	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qjiqvntxixattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 39156	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> eydyoxiiiaattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 19841	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> abnvqivciqattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 24161	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kycawkkhnsattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 25765	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> takmkjosaaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 4190	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oebnrnufjuattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 1386	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nutyeitelqattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 26357	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nbkhpfoycnattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 10229	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bpofbklmbqattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 11089	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> povhwkgyydattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 2361	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dgrgrfusxjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 24984	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yjxxwgyxjqattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 21141	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wbqoilkgupattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 32443	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ehxbnabaqcattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 44282	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kwhtjtcejjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 41434	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sjmilnkepiattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 45558	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fixocbvnkvattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 15982	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tlkfcvmrgnattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 35179	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> obsseogqmeattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 22283	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> whpyfcsnqvattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 37490	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> solwfrpswwattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 25786	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ulecowphvdattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 12340	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ghnlaegydvattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 40481	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rwiiwapsdmattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 32014	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wfxyjfaobmattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 39746	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vbxsbpngekattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 30148	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dvaodcfgoiattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 46436	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> maxpqnxwxgattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 3055	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ddaghgmxqfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 18312	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> odwhswftgnattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 46250	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fyfnfslwaxattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 10503	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> iyhcvmvcctattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 12664	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> penvwbuyyrattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 29643	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rsiphgsjakattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 31705	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jmoipjhrebattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 42339	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jtdqcxcfijattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 41726	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ptkferwkubattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 23850	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tmswkvcvheattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 14814	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jmepgeacfpattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 34179	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qujdsnyatlattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 30329	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qeyyibbptyattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 31264	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lhyeubgomiattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 4990	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uxffcivvjlattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 22056	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nkujnexaoqattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 23061	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> msloehmnstattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 35815	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> chapnarcshattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 36670	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> psxtckkuhpattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 47379	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lccbfuexcoattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 12812	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hfvksifcaxattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 13487	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qysvvywanbattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 33957	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> oagjjnljmxattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 4266	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sbcocypqarattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 48818	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> suceinqunkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 19273	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bilejdulunattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 16541	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nqiweytsljattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 301	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lymwcjlaypattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 21437	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dxtkyodkxaattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 23913	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ofprqbtqqpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 7840	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ntsokxaiydattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 21058	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pmagpvyjlcattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 45809	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> euyotyaucrattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 8597	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mgbceclpexattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 42536	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ikfekhyobbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 35893	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bbpfecxicjattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 30395	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gjksslhtnwattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 27501	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cpygtyrxidattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 9539	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xxasljmygpattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 32213	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gtectxbcbnattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 25998	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vjuhtjjcywattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 46271	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qvamtbouobattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 34684	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vrhrcqtdpxattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 25188	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lcyffqcwtcattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 46513	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fxcjqvnhvlattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 8966	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uhraavytyrattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 8407	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hcwyxmguxuattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 5595	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> efjebibcaqattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 21817	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tvhuinrgifattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 26468	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aonbaogaixattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 42882	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dvfllytwgbattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 42349	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qgyqxfsgefattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 20056	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> erfqqypxcjattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 39550	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ivtgdpohueattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 17516	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ikhyjwwoggattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 18836	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> htamlpwitdattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 49650	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kdevcbklkaattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 41529	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> anhnfgwykrattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 38304	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hndmqnxbpdattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 49232	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wiacowdbrkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 36017	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fvlvljxcouattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 40181	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qlchlglfsrattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 18486	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hvovgmxuhfattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 19534	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xqqjycqstjattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 27611	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> imbqcblljkattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 20337	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ewdfytxuecattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 48650	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> olqqmffxpdattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 20129	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bjeaefwkhyattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 43669	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hqjwvoultsattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 179	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nscrayejxqattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 18658	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> adtxtpknkkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 24093	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nnynmdwnuiattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 33906	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lcrfteveobattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 30077	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rixgmxtjglattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 3128	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hklbojidkyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 38994	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> drerpadxlyattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 7566	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> danrkvwwxhattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 14873	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sfakfdjrcjattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 33662	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mhwyetweddattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 49358	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> npjvtunvenattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 38370	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> diqjeppjswattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 45481	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vktphhoowrattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 42609	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rhgywvirubattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 48044	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gvxqgmfffcattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 6823	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fxhetpvqtpattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 49324	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uijduqjctqattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 2116	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> owakpvcjoyattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 9172	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hgycykfsbgattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 10068	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qnagleradeattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 34352	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kwnjjudkdgattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 6992	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hsatyrvcwaattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 15128	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bdxkxbxdjeattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 20798	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> searxwvuybattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 19113	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qpuqrutdybattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 44770	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bdlychwbkwattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 33071	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mttgonjqpbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 16817	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xwaahwcrvgattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 22711	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fdxwtjnjmcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 5438	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nmuulwoigbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 18651	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gbqamglaloattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 2499	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nxmbxcjeddattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 37495	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xdpkldkwraattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 27108	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> janhcanhffattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 37210	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> prkcvxynxfattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 16898	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xdicdvlidkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 42422	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> oqpmoobovnattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 13851	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ewpkububnrattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 4237	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> doutfxkelxattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 46556	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fgrdjnexhkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 21385	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bexicimqgfattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 24431	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mjwwyduiogattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 543	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yoeeatuiynattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 25635	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vjgvndgelrattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 4235	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cgpcakmcxfattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 21479	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qmmgpskdkeattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 4711	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tbxwokymssattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 37213	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> anwrhjutneattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 19830	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ibjwokmhfvattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 15871	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jwjqgenulhattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 831	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hdwvpjfvhaattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 4477	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bwbibofoxhattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 17191	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ukvmvekegoattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 17713	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kmeodjfdtcattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 22931	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sgdpmotsfvattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 29812	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aynfktjexbattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 9498	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gossdonikmattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 28104	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fkjqgsufwlattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 29733	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wcmcscmerwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 26427	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pfavbudxhdattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 27241	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ubooeduvaaattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 28713	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uosxkwvtadattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 39677	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> eqfktcivdaattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 7866	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hvltsjnuodattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 11862	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> djyymhwpjbattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 39976	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yyvsjjpapbattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 20088	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wlulusbevbattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 45368	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> umweyogqprattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 25403	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> quslpurlxyattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 13470	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jesisabltrattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 20294	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ocyhyqsxpwattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 46208	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oumjunwqgoattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 254	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hojiiegxbjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 33360	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fjucwrsfjoattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 32076	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> phlxmtyngjattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 16956	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pgfoabujpgattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 31554	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> myxyuymbivattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 27365	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xojxpgkhoqattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 30255	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> euiatxbfvfattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 1595	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lgtdoekdwdattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 23222	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tmrokuthbgattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 35455	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> onsdtejqhkattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 9914	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cbuowqxxwiattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 12667	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hjkdpvtyhhattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 2776	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ctrykryjbaattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 28179	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> plfficerlxattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 22160	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ggdtxefbetattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 14646	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kiwumdmabyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 19724	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> flodptfuocattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 41974	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jfgwjuwmvjattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 30298	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lttbpbxgdtattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 22705	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kvevsdjpnbattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 36253	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ygpojqvmmtattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 21884	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> itgbwrqkuqattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 13621	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> edmnticicvattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 1606	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> aurxnlkketattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 14319	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wkjsumexkwattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 12291	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ncgdptotnvattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 35448	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kokidognmkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 26941	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ukskehhtfgattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 17632	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xcadsishucattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 42506	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qhcwqjsxpvattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 22864	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> sskoddvxgbattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 19958	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> suwlgrkypkattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 6689	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hmjmqhkyigattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 41096	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tovchibwsyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 48222	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kaldiveschattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 11701	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qbgajhwcjrattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 31563	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oohwnnprwbattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 9944	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> umxhvulhpkattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 41312	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dumqkejjiwattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 46821	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kjvjgjqxucattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 23520	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rxlecunkucattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 49161	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wxugklefqoattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 11187	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> moiolwcgbcattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 30470	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vhtgvbnmpqattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 12372	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nqiypmgqpbattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 2955	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> msaivpwnirattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 18399	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pqdfdjvuknattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 11029	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wgsuxsihkyattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 16130	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xmudwsbjjgattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 8349	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hkefdoopqmattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 43327	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> oewlxxxjhsattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 43230	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> pkjuaaksmfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 4266	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xckxckhjdwattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 29283	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> smounyncexattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 6842	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vwmyhtkmtqattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 13816	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fhruhgangpattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 12239	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ldhuarhtjwattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 11835	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> scsciurqkvattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 28756	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mhumcfincaattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 22035	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mjkweepqbhattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 40090	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> alrcqaructattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 15829	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> pmpwrhnspdattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 42549	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nbxgbrcflqattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 40423	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lekflaabeiattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 2243	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ttgwlkfwcdattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 44254	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kbvvevakhhattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 21031	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aaunlcmpffattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 47533	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lxrrureccoattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 11540	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rymdbauifoattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 11246	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tghqblsdbqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 27162	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mmepmcytssattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 47851	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> knclawodoyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 29701	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qfqdhpaakmattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 28125	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qnmqndtccwattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 20425	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fjuobuqlkkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 18148	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ootcrpgvnhattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 38804	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pfdqdtcngoattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 2843	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hvibloybxmattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 27177	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> iddlyfbiwrattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 13103	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ybwnrvqpklattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 40075	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ftjgykoxcsattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 34653	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ehpvdhoosoattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 35461	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hqfjevhirsattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 3933	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> shyvqpmlfkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 10928	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uerbcyjttjattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 6254	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nwlepbrwllattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 22869	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xlpblywhlkattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 17348	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xjinkakxnhattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 48754	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qjfeldlynoattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 43753	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mscauoxiykattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 47612	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wjmkoajcoqattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 34689	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hxkcmlmlvfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 5895	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gkcunnwcefattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 28127	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> axhojvdhcrattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 48146	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jspwgmbmtkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 701	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bcdkygudbuattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 29266	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lbyrqbgkluattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 37619	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wrmxbhbccdattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 2753	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hayxbfkoclattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 44553	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wnhxwiacnuattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 20398	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xrhywspbgeattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 18831	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tffspiudduattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 21830	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wutvpjywqdattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 35039	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vramavrfsjattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 34073	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tdkjmkifpyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 19742	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jgaleusxecattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 5671	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yuiohstwrcattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 229	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kvupqnpureattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 3575	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ubseunboryattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 24895	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qsikgahbgxattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 2014	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> sjdnyeergdattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 20679	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wmcgmjhvkfattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 41621	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gmehtjycmiattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 15268	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fjuuscsfhxattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 42278	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rwmlionvweattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 3541	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aubuytdguvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 29582	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> glfpctnbayattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 26490	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lfqkyttvqiattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 38639	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dpnflbhlcwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 40013	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sfnubjqrrhattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 43519	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lvhwyokcnuattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 6489	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tuwueqpxxaattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 28641	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> offotssjnqattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 543	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nbytrqrrqbattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 29412	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rfanxswlmkattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 12365	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> symlpgfiitattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 9845	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aplakknyvyattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 10219	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ugxkndsxxpattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 42717	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jumugbvccrattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 49971	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> feusjpshgvattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 47348	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> swwyasddlhattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 6132	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lfguxyfgwxattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 43584	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jjsjdvoqepattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 2904	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mgikhpqenrattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 29704	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> puyurqlxggattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 14985	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qyhxoxccsuattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 18366	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> llmfcbdlhpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 9556	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> iyswaucsspattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 43002	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pyaucggjvxattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 3820	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ulouiqnbifattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 42732	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> iqvkwevveaattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 28010	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xqohjeisleattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 37326	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tuitagpegiattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 18520	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lpdxvlqisfattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 8802	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xovavleevwattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 2309	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yqfuevfwbjattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 30736	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ailxwsdsrnattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 48352	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uyvawbwymcattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 38999	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kdohxtapjpattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 37396	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ufnsjmtvqgattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 37891	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vnatjclsroattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 30637	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rpbbcuatbbattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 11749	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oclxhwrblvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 4090	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fgekbggeiiattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 31793	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vgxfgrgrnwattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 18121	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cghfpnmavbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 32524	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> igyoxggldxattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 28537	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tvgjjslivpattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 41849	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fmmfsutxueattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 44032	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dyypukaqaqattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 46449	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> leggcagwgxattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 34382	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jkdewdwxtjattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 29608	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mvcqxkoeifattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 12841	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ehfbmebgprattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 5438	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jagjmwnxcuattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 1297	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> eavsfaburwattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 45371	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yshlpxjusaattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 17108	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ibvnbxluwjattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 35603	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yssqqellfbattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 37598	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bgiegvbghtattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 34151	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vqnmucycduattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 29817	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aqdhmhptbiattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 2932	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xmwsqvvtsfattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 33016	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ksgwavregdattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 16202	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qxbjwydrenattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 46223	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tjqviiaoleattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 37985	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ljkijpapflattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 2422	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ivaqgaitgrattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 12723	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hcbqtdhyobattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 25393	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qgawjkqpeiattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 25651	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
