name -> purpilwxehattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 22582	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> scyotvospcattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 41749	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ticetydyixattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 2393	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> unqomgjcirattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 48850	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> isqdtvedvdattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 29279	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> syjhftjqntattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 41089	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> imkekohiuaattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 16246	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vvidrutgqrattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 12109	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xgxixgqsihattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 2073	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> udfmxbupvjattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 6624	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iwcgfvyndkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 30775	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dpweqstmeyattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 35518	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> sarxvqobdvattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 34294	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lwjdpdrvfoattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 37618	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sldqerrhpdattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 35975	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wfookjkpxkattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 39094	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hnmlhgtyjuattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 9361	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qmlcvytvjuattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 31216	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gympfgqqdhattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 6847	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ljokikgthmattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 4718	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rmdyvtqbdtattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 47677	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oaoykxtsmcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 45096	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> korgkikoeoattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 44774	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ysflsbgfecattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 21236	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cltmtebxtqattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 34451	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vdfoflvlqyattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 1132	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vybpffqbvpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 42337	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qifxwclpdbattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 39888	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ohwtmpvjhmattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 16701	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mvslaeddflattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 22699	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gvktngfusdattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 12189	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kigkmjprviattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 35907	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dajqioldtkattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 29189	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xbvkklfivpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 18121	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xjsgagjuqkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 41365	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qykcmrmihsattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 49563	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wyuyghtwrpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 37193	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sfbfwoqhjgattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 13645	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tpucwocofrattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 32328	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kolkfcrokfattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 3637	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cbybqbrxubattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 37271	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mberfvhqcbattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 43281	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kdsdglbeomattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 6252	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> eurjrycvdeattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 38229	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hebnperfsgattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 22619	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rxbjyghckjattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 25357	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nblgffnxmqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 18159	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hqqjwxlkjjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 15411	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> minsobsdtyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 17293	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jhcjhqtrcgattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 26837	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vsckvupruqattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 25743	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> begkwccyltattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 10977	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wopumfnjxrattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 9091	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wpbvrfvfasattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 32498	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ngqcnglnadattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 45057	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> werrlnwljiattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 42613	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tubjdmwdrvattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 2921	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ccunrscddyattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 32892	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> okvsysxqpqattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 49868	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> uufpphssigattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 20867	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dghcygvqydattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 11789	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lklbrgvdoeattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 25336	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tlgttcmthcattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 45688	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yphsvfxlkaattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 41529	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> steoyskgwsattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 9943	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kbdjjcwveyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 16468	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mkplebubtlattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 22663	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rtdbxawcacattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 178	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nuxrvuvsipattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 29566	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mnxkouoqymattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 49927	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ykaxfvsplsattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 26168	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> iniyiypkomattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 24768	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dnqkjlbxgjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 5979	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rcmdbcnppxattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 43634	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yrijfjjmsyattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 25173	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cvfgyuxqswattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 19224	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sqrycbnwcuattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 23528	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cpgdmetfcsattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 27853	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vooxreuubqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 10192	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jebvlwdpqvattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 13674	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nougsrdvikattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 11343	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ajjngmdyliattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 14710	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> chewcjtmtoattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 18652	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> luutjatuieattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 20620	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cuqeemrablattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 49659	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> epxpsrldxtattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 44687	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hdxnprnsfnattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 12271	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> owthohmobjattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 25218	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xmtpekimanattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 37884	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hykxgwpjgxattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 30791	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dhgktqwuehattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 1148	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xebecsqkqtattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 26776	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jibdbxxhhsattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 12643	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> agaeyqoplfattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 13924	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jnxknxrutsattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 21028	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jjskbhcmobattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 4223	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lrxaspwojwattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 24015	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yhvcoxqgbcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 20350	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> uqppjpesmkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 4180	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mxgdxwlcyrattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 10401	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> thfdylxmxqattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 43805	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> djqehcgiwpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 352	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lqslcraakeattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 19080	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> povytehqtrattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 17944	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kaxorxqfcsattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 44460	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cbovfwmaqwattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 47847	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wxtrxkwcfnattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 24246	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wkxdhmfblwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 266	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qdoopnqubgattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 15147	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hhhrtosgljattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 44697	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> athshxnlgqattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 38496	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dwpanigbtsattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 32066	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kxluvbiesxattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 44457	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gvctgkuadfattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 6914	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> magkdopvohattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 1661	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> irsqcprfxrattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 5690	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rrjvibtxkyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 2074	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qvoslixlbcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 24594	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lritucrgedattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 48036	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> henvnohoqsattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 47309	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ehtymofqtqattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 28175	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ekkrytirmjattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 20504	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nxbamjsgadattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 42502	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mbclxnfkwlattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 19240	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nwicgcjihqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 41804	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hcshpaspohattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 47406	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fvrnabvhukattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 16343	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vsilvbdkkoattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 8154	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> atraxpjuafattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 30683	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ebkafnkrebattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 37458	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dwldmvxnbkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 30898	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bmagcmbhpfattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 1314	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ltyyrymujtattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 13325	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mhervfymmjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 6644	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> pxnhwccjvbattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 4024	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> isifxjrnseattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 39191	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qtxqxdatgqattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 21000	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vkevtxjpcbattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 33242	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ntdlwdhduuattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 20965	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> arrwpbmtexattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 1467	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lqskuaprwdattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 12266	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ihvbkkupitattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 17405	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> waltcblygpattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 19986	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> syudkpuuknattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 21880	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gmnkqykwrgattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 19456	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fqpphnlrdjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 32692	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fgkviuucbxattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 43076	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rwcbmpupbnattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 49884	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rahcweeadjattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 16902	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cbiqsdhuraattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 17555	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iugfymgevdattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 23562	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pabjdkewkrattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 14683	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dinduvjtyxattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 18071	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vxocisyvmwattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 46271	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ehocdxxfyeattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 40884	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hhbrcdppakattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 36271	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gfrlgpsftiattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 45088	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> uawadnrfxtattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 36029	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kloqdhxxprattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 5196	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wmfcawkasxattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 21478	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qchulfucyrattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 26255	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rrrtqcvjacattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 36736	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> petcjoglivattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 27057	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bfsthodktbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 44536	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pvlcmtnvskattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 21233	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> poqwetjxwbattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 33904	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ckhpfwnxhkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 46542	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hoklktlkvoattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 30548	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jynqvdognkattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 35133	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wgakbnuycvattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 28226	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> alwyqnfgaoattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 45389	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uvhvjeuoahattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 9737	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> aeisrpyufrattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 33547	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sicfoytrhkattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 39022	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bnrvdqqkksattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 31264	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> abqqamihwaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 34028	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qkvvdmhogwattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 38358	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jchkortlruattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 2902	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oposdvjlusattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 13323	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> aixpbsbunjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 42731	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vuvbtfooadattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 40527	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mssplwlbiaattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 37545	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sukmcbbfeeattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 28804	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> aelldyplbgattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 35109	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hejlimqosdattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 27358	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> okxulpgovqattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 47996	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dmvlapcuuyattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 7246	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gqvtgeievkattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 4308	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vhyxwcsrdrattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 32840	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gmpoqxsokcattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 25276	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jhjglcbowaattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 43468	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hwmbxhrikiattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 14314	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vqejufxrfdattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 28187	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jjjjqbubjyattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 8456	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yyuwevqlyvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 4405	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oocgqwhcyjattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 2696	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uaqavhnweyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 43102	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rmcijlmkunattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 12080	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fagehwblvxattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 22631	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> safforrlhtattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 7860	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kglsfogbnfattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 37727	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fsqvkjhudlattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 7238	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> waecqkegqkattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 26012	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fkpstanyldattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 13220	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wwsqiywblwattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 24801	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lnmhnajyfrattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 5327	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bjdjkdkwauattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 44495	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iruxtgwaxiattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 28865	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bgxnjkklgkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 36155	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xmptumttwvattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 29860	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rxcdippoarattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 49637	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bptwcnsclaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 4311	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jsmskejkvgattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 10544	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> joundnpoqeattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 19604	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yaujfewbkqattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 23293	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hylmncegiuattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 38875	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cuohallmekattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 47922	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xbenfitnfgattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 21714	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jdulpiyvvtattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 6554	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fxhmidcqmqattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 32339	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tgfjqegmavattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 16559	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> huwqyahlsjattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 12294	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cxgscogemwattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 18513	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iujjwswpcgattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 5683	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hgwlufqjerattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 40146	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> spcpiafmiwattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 3141	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> apfwvxhaqgattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 16996	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ltltttgesyattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 44405	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> udrsbyvrflattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 48734	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> drqwnydjbrattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 6760	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> niroinjnceattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 10104	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ybqobuxeolattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 38116	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yhchxlxapvattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 29322	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bqsclrgddgattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 26509	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qqgofgqwehattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 19278	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ufmiyslebfattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 47271	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mgytmsrrcwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 20288	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uegtysxcafattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 43701	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jdkwxeobbpattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 15530	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ljtnerpgysattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 5977	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ideghuhinuattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 12992	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> brbhktolmoattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 14430	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iwkptuahrpattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 16074	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qntdhkpvbeattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 33675	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wkjthlbyceattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 22104	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rtcbgrwivfattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 2630	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rmyyybadhsattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 18942	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oosujqfhxlattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 443	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gllholmwgeattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 8274	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> pskylphldyattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 35128	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ovhejtdrxpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 10224	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rvgfoprrokattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 23876	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aqkjlpclfcattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 34822	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sndjdwerjuattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 31659	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bqkmhoaoqlattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 22618	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ivnlstfdohattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 25860	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ccjlqjajwpattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 13046	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rbemulrltwattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 43767	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> trwkdxvbpaattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 819	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wbermwfitiattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 41704	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xkjekgfbgnattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 14398	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yacmwhusprattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 31185	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wydkhknpapattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 16592	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uwcrgynyskattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 27084	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kxesiriijfattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 39741	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ptoxscwomqattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 20801	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bkejeototpattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 4283	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ccywgxlsptattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 31660	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uhhbwepstiattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 753	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hgsofgjuboattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 37091	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> aiwympsjxhattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 40898	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fhjkoshrjtattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 13943	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cgmqvfcvpuattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 47278	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kilycsqlolattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 29528	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lcchkggacvattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 19350	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kilmbfbpqaattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 42209	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oibyohyqgdattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 41161	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tgfwlgpcijattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 29357	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> phjhrkxxppattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 42675	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gturdmvlywattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 33808	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sqekdfksupattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 30407	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> etrhgpufnxattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 7457	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xyndgxydqrattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 39773	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rbnxrighigattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 17223	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yhuhftkxnmattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 10391	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rjclskubryattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 11139	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vvjdrtegglattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 16418	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cckwmfbehvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 33666	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mrofmslugjattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 29911	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nwebffhmcyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 36879	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yohljuipfwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 41139	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mvcrbkeflaattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 14920	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jnsskckryoattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 31645	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qqhudnaopwattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 37771	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lvxvxkqyyuattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 51	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rfgxuimlgdattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 10010	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> igkitbiuxwattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 12023	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fgpaofnwkxattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 17733	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> okdiongokgattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 41505	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> numfcccmbcattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 48298	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> klmbysqlcvattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 1	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xjyalcomgmattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 31508	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tmytirfkneattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 27013	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wnjlrxxykaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 3745	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hwapogcfmvattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 28538	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> emwvkwwwwrattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 41544	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tooiurpjprattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 46983	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ulihjfeiacattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 32255	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vfbrytdoljattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 38380	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> spwcwelwieattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 34179	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lcbmxfblqvattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 29613	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fvyfcmekssattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 27193	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wrbuyegpcpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 44824	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wbqbpuliqgattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 29906	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aluysdquutattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 3303	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ghuxegiupyattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 11826	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mlhfrbdmueattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 38829	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lcnqkxnawgattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 14659	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> uucovfeqltattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 23440	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tcdeathwayattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 1462	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hjwfqbvcveattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 20934	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lntnjbkjdmattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 42448	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> irpysleqpdattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 40023	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nspwwciaobattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 45083	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> crlufrowucattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 49909	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> feociyeaarattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 122	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qdcwuqvquhattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 16090	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vhcfggfjbwattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 14053	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hmmcdksxrwattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 33114	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xooewvnxubattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 36214	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> brsgcogwlfattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 21046	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kaxkvoirrmattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 26291	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> klmoatnnyxattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 42050	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cqrbhbuapgattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 2567	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dnadhosimiattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 32098	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qhoyklydraattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 1074	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mactoueeglattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 35053	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nucagbdadcattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 16368	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> txlkupqbcfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 32524	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wsyfvcgafyattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 35495	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ujbqcstgxoattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 8186	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gisdmbfrbfattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 4327	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> llonekteaqattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 31397	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hyptbuocarattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 16833	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vrvdcshejwattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 46076	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dqaenoiqiiattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 13620	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ohrqcavnysattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 46029	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wdgmtoddyyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 47367	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bycgbatcuxattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 45629	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hcncqtfrsnattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 30491	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> reqsgluejxattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 17593	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wgnoauivisattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 31465	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wvvfhsjsqiattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 47974	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gsqioaeysrattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 47997	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sfmdxwvrhfattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 27667	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> levcgcdywuattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 33387	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rdsrcqjjxwattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 26936	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ppgxukyrheattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 3342	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> umeadqlepkattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 47678	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vtlqgkkoqlattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 11014	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> baagsmkiytattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 48728	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yvogiywykrattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 1904	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gqpafdieyaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 9261	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hlnrkmqugbattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 43974	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rplwswbuycattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 15967	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> deoqqfnygyattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 45613	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dpoymrvntpattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 33034	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nuggctfkssattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 6726	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sdpfwlvqbqattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 48458	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fjxjddtyyvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 41334	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> onbmywfdpiattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 46492	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> biggndfmycattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 4545	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jvqkuwnkfeattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 15339	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wegkhnaipyattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 1857	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dyqxxekfjoattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 11526	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> frpofpaxomattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 19836	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nhynljvwyaattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 34841	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> iwapoapfmtattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 38781	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pgleshbrjiattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 41655	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ebcsdrxsnqattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 13984	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rgtkpwebidattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 14316	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> txixrjqgarattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 47124	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> iiiaincqsuattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 32221	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vciqlywlsdattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 950	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> khnswplpmmattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 23662	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> osaatylpcyattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 4338	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ufjuwuklhgattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 17949	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> telqfyghxuattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 18232	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oycntnyevnattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 46855	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lmbqnhaoenattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 37857	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gyydoajlpmattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 45156	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> usxjdxxjlnattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 36298	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yxjqxueqhhattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 48764	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kgupesysjaattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 9651	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> baqcwwshgpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 14919	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cejjaiejjiattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 31158	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kepibiribcattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 40964	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vnkvvqhhyaattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 1130	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mrgndxveceattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 1918	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gqmehtmiviattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 47524	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> snqvlocpssattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 17522	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pswwoliltfattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 16227	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> phvdvauptoattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 9561	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gydvmljgsgattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 6133	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> psdmuaeoomattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 46349	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aobmdmuvsoattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 31318	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ngekgkcxwbattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 19539	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fgoislhlafattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 22415	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xwxgiagfdjattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 1181	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mxqfjxqmdfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 8457	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ftgnvmuayyattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 6238	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lwaxwrkdyyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 502	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vcctpwtovaattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 6671	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uyyrsjwslgattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 23190	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sjakgwbfwqattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 7133	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hrebbbvojnattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 29941	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cfijclqbdaattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 41530	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wkubnqragcattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 16847	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cvhejahocwattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 14090	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> acfpuwpebkattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 43178	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yatlcbaexjattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 6799	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bptynjdovvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 37754	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gomipmopwfattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 18980	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vvjlhocgkoattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 5884	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xaoqmeilldattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 25014	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mnstfuaplqattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 47690	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rcshicsuhhattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 44919	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kuhpqjheamattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 36076	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> excocwjmhcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 11985	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fcaxlidmuqattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 7021	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wanbaanhcvattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 27809	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ljmxtpmqidattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 7539	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pqarqqbsmpattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 15329	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qunkmacxguattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 1904	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uluncviqodattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 37347	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tsljuphbmiattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 37372	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> laypvjhmnwattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 7535	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dkxabhenprattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 26567	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tqqpcadpxiattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 20214	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aiydrdqiwiattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 32831	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yjlcjqtjckattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 41364	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aucravcwerattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 44002	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lpexjyjljpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 49354	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yobbmgysxlattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 12630	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xicjjlwucfattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 11818	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> htnwampbatattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 11381	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rxidkfyolhattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 29843	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mygpnysnsuattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 21777	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bcbnkccxjcattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 2107	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jcywbrnvpvattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 12462	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ouobasyjuwattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 37092	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tdpxxftnbmattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 39405	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cwtcptonqkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 11309	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nhvlmqbqfmattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 11250	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ytyrpnfhxmattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 10249	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> guxunylulgattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 3954	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bcaqrhxrwgattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 26320	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rgifhwcsfhattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 6701	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gaixkgqhokattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 22936	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> twgbtjvysvattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 32266	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sgefowmgjrattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 46766	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pxcjhxkavdattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 381	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ohuegkkqeoattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 23074	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> woggmtilwrattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 35137	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> witdugtaucattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 18996	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> klkafslemuattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 39138	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wykrhetejeattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 22212	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xbpdudjhamattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 46227	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dbrkglprsyattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 41571	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xcoufycglaattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 14957	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lfsrsilliqattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 42346	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xuhfvmnjmgattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 24634	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qstjbfvlxfattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 23891	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lljkxwtmgrattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 43830	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xuecccpahxattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 11591	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fxpdxjseeyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 8675	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wkhymybtapattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 16622	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ultsxowenaattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 16242	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ejxqiyniruattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 34823	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> knkkfkoskeattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 41888	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wnuiokqghsattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 7805	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> veobqftcjkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 38156	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tjglvwtdsgattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 26876	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> idkykhdtruattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 6317	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dxlyxgcqmkattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 1842	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wwxhgdbxygattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 8560	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jrcjxfamrdattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 374	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> weddhgeipyattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 43746	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nvendgculoattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 3834	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pjswqyigaxattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 10840	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oowruypjquattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 30149	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> irubtdhtcgattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 47741	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fffcfulxrgattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 4604	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vqtpubmyjsattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 8853	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jctqyhoqpvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 39285	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cjoymbxwvuattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 39827	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fsbgbrxsnoattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 40581	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> radedbdcvkattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 37684	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dkdgebyrqrattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 26444	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vcwafccdnmattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 13585	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xdjeflwxdeattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 35592	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vuybxdenrhattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 46616	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tdybovyudtattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 17524	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wbkwepkvybattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 32106	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jqpbmqxrlyattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 11850	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> crvgjgdljrattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 12372	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> njmcakwnluattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 24870	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oigbqlmbdtattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 45800	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lalomicydpattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 29076	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jeddppgujmattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 5685	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kwrafuyimmattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 44232	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nhffylakaxattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 2527	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ynxfkypxnyattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 48377	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lidkvfwwfnattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 35212	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bovnnmlbnlattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 26785	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ubnrglqmyhattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 4319	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kelxsabgnfattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 4178	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> exhkjawkhcattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 23783	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mqgfqjogrtattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 997	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uioginssqvattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 43679	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uiynsptkkjattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 24196	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gelrrgmkclattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 35127	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mcxfrureeoattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 6556	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kdkejwrlltattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 40372	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ymssjkanyqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 13867	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> utnetfrfbmattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 17172	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mhfvtfmvxoattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 14566	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nulhcfogrwattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 35946	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fvhadvxclhattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 27933	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> foxhwopqnxattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 16812	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kegoaesnltattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 48339	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fdtcrjtgjqattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 7065	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tsfvyxmmtwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 45680	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jexborjxidattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 3693	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nikmiwaewcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 48766	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ufwlwgkijsattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 25827	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> merwdtbcvjattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 14321	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dxhdetnqmmattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 38464	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uvaarddnmuattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 49973	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vtadnnvcaqattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 13460	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ivdabipqdmattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 29969	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nuodkkimcmattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 24624	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wpjbxytblbattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 32568	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> papblxnnmtattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 13811	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bevbfpcsqeattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 36904	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gqproghdahattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 28711	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rlxybdruhmattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 47883	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bltrrcutjlattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 29532	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sxpwbkriybattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 40184	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wqgosdkepcattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 38633	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gxbjkstkwiattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 26152	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sfjojtsbvcattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 24048	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yngjjavglbattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 49314	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ujpggihenyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 19149	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mbivcfepitattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 748	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> khoqrvufuhattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 3875	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bfvfkbuuusattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 34053	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kdwdbriwcpattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 48514	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> thbgkxbftpattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 23578	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> jqhkkrjoheattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 30164	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xxwixaqrpfattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 30353	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tyhhqsxbycattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 13099	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yjbamttebcattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 25255	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> erlxkjykmdattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 43619	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fbetuyyvdqattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 31545	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mabykclyguattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 17478	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fuocvpyyglattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 16897	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wmvjriixdnattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 43376	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xgdtveufpfattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 16371	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jpnbxvbdmmattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 7439	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vmmttiyjnkattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 14126	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qkuqjvvvkuattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 21238	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cicvqcggoqattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 17698	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kkethdrtxvattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 10493	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> exkwcqeqhgattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 35153	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> otnvwgrxerattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 46233	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gnmkhsbqboattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 49385	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> htfgcyehqrattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 8828	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> shuccvtgmoattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 24822	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sxpvxwfoqfattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 27989	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vxgbvchisxattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 5211	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kypkxuyocuattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 42012	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kyigdpovpjattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 31502	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bwsyurpwoyattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 48628	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> eschjtfbfbattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 4000	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wcjrwbrnbeattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 17422	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> prwbleftgxattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 21532	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lhpkjhymnnattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 23116	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jjiwnnqvloattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 43084	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qxuchvoujuattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 40804	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nkucalxlalattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 28256	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> efqobhjmceattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 8764	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cgbcsyqumnattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 19606	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nmpqtbfwhrattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 34274	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gqpbrivfxtattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 24333	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wnironqyheattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 17155	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vuknfjuediattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 34795	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ihkywdxfhpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 18603	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bjjguekyojattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 39505	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> opqmsqtchtattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 48711	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xjhsnrtfebattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 30645	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ksmfjihqcvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 27898	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hjdweacidtattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 4845	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ncexnnqrkoattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 38849	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kmtqmvyqquattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 12170	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> angpeyhoogattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 20095	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> htjwrkpkhwattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 7627	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rqkvptmgaaattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 41562	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> incaarnkoiattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 272	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pqbhnnopqdattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 7527	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ructoreeasattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 25822	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> nspdigtyjtattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 45206	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cflqxswxlnattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 41455	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> abeihakstaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 46872	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fwcdrbdeqqattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 38321	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> akhhkrbgtwattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 41138	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mpffqklicvattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 43967	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> eccovfwpcwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 19953	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uifotqyvomattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 16416	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sdbqixgmxyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 34640	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ytssmrobgkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 1936	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> odoybwlbxaattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 41403	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aakmtyoalyattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 3841	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> tccwbpbaqrattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 16464	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qlkkmbmxcdattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 42252	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gvnhnqjeioattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 37066	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cngoqtpsyeattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 40801	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ybxmritcyjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 8961	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> biwremkdqtattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 31013	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qpklaenaqvattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 30706	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oxcskoydiaattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 16071	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> oosouiqlhxattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 209	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hirsxqxiqdattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 4196	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mlfktxxdwgattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 18026	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jttjksuexnattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 4279	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rwllulptrmattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 46226	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> whlkaioxveattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 40588	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kxnhkfcetcattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 37404	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lynoheodimattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 19975	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xiykqbpmdiattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 9160	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jcoqgevoskattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 40527	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mlvfonsuxrattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 36895	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wcefgatcmdattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 42989	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dhcrxwmvouattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 27522	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bmtkonmbsmattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 45085	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> udbuapqqlcattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 46367	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gklubaxtoaattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 9223	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bccdrvtdxfattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 45798	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kocloaidahattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 47298	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> acnuxjaxqhattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 42524	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pbgedqjgxhattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 23618	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> udduodtfnrattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 2596	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ywqdnajojfattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 33562	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rfsjiooxhoattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 22709	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ifpygyprglattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 45336	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sxecmscvhvattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 20764	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> twrcxhuevgattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 48490	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> purequdaseattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 38779	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> boryyoduvqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 38085	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hbgxvjbooxattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 10138	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ergdglxecrattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 38156	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hvkffltvjoattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 38207	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ycminnmsfmattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 6745	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sfhxqdwdsfattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 14736	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nvwellwqaeattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 25295	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dguvmryhyrattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 22415	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nbaynwrpbtattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 48535	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tvqipppojvattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 1380	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hlcwktonnaattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 44520	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qrrhkjvthyattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 1422	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kcnuxcjofcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 12145	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> pxxajvvqviattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 19064	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sjnqlwhscbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 6419	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rrqbomumwjattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 33963	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wlmkltepxrattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 211	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fiitwdguoxattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 36225	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nyvyvaqtrkattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 25460	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sxxpdgmrhmattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 470	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vccretnvgiattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 5318	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> shgvqupxiaattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 21774	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ddlhyyghklattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 30495	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fgwxbmvjmqattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 16859	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oqeprmwexkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 32935	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qenrqjeecnattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 27770	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lxggkekkqwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 26048	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ccsunwyqmrattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 12305	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dlhppragrsattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 43197	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cssppticluattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 49345	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gjvxdwguroattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 36395	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nbifvrjhoyattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 41985	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vveaslukcrattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 43957	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> islemuobwwattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 41569	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pegireuuxtattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 8623	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qisfdhgcecattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 42950	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> eevwirtjnfattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 10395	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fwbjejnlmlattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 17848	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dsrnmlwcsxattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 28000	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wymckdnyopattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 5732	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> apjpbjrvhnattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 29118	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tvqgyggqwqattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 49844	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lsrocmkmagattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 25001	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> atbbajtycpattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 9623	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rblvnwipfdattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 43385	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> geiiocisuyattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 16380	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> grnwqwmvauattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 22580	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mavbegtygrattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 16714	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gldxkrvmoyattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 27834	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> livpqspymxattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 13280	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> txuerrrhsnattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 13990	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aqaqlrsypaattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 27456	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gwgxoxhhllattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 29679	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wxtjpokipvattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 10816	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> oeiffspqeyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 726	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> bgprvaanvoattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 16484	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nxcuqrowsuattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 7493	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> burwxtmvkvattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 26286	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jusamhwicdattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 4313	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> luwjqkhdigattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 42341	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> llfbtejxkrattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 45654	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bghtsoxbvwattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 36812	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ycduhourgyattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 15207	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ptbijylhxiattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 168	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vtsfiqwqpwattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 29147	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> regddskcbiattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 31034	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> drenidgxdqattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 32071	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> aolejvikgbattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 19283	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> apfltljwfdattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 39716	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> itgrpqfxrqattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 45091	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hyobnbaseiattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 6722	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qpeijjgbcpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 48575	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> catpbtkicbattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 15175	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> svbchjdkylattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 38053	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gwghqqrvtjattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 46444	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rpgybklcveattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 45989	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mjxfcpdvbiattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 14704	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vwuwjhahlnattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 41173	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kjymbejdmbattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 3958	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hicsreddrxattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 40486	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uqvyuhckiuattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 13589	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yaiqelvvlvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 23009	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cseaaikjdlattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 5098	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xjtcxpajmuattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 39669	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mhjnpvyvhbattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 3658	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> tkdrafemacattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 36512	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vgbnccjldsattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 30564	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ylpbqvotbaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 3123	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> epbirktvesattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 33807	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> uxlmvcgwdlattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 24436	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cixtstpyotattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 49339	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mwnjyviehhattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 30608	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qirlcklreuattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 46126	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xxkytsebbdattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 32027	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mmppwdhdayattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 15273	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wvcqqgurloattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 45486	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ywvxbfedhtattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 40526	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yqkswhkkveattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 18541	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nwrqdvukrkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 36360	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> brixyvkwavattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 22366	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nbtsyqfqecattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 47382	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yvoatcxvxpattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 43424	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aopbgurmyuattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 17319	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rvgnxejyvaattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 30682	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xqfglxsnuaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 47582	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fodeumfrotattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 4520	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lakaadnuepattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 7502	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sukokrgynaattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 28187	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> phjpmwnqokattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 28912	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jhwtcdvpfnattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 42081	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pbkcyxvpkrattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 25405	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ojkqoghvuqattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 41092	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sfqtgomqhuattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 3805	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ongdvnaqgcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 40384	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> pmlvexolsiattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 20277	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rpinfkhloxattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 18912	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cpxgpmrkwsattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 30114	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hdfmoobfmtattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 18572	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mytconolitattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 27544	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xehosivieoattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 1109	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> iwewmslvmmattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 30026	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gyxyjtjojrattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 48256	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dcjsvuqkjuattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 23528	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> caemunbghfattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 14601	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gemcbdmkxxattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 41206	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hfteuwkddnattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 13581	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mycncqbcqhattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 40902	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jtbgrnjuexattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 49551	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aajfqkjirkattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 5952	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wjfqyqldqbattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 7797	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> wfmqsvykjdattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 5628	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oevnwjromsattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 47935	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> pjiihjvsnqattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 27941	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wyytiskulyattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 13236	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> whkhtiahatattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 43431	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hkgpdsmoscattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 8972	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gtwacwjeroattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 27689	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yyvcrjsmnqattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 14602	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vpybnjhhakattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 5381	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fbeamxoaqiattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 44649	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> odmeoulphaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 18694	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wqqjoflhqtattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 393	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ydmnxafhcuattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 17828	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vqbmxotoijattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 43934	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> marmcwtfunattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 25966	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jgdhxwwgirattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 33148	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> akeekbjfqaattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 6199	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gdmecjmldyattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 25144	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fegrhpwxssattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 23034	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ofeqqtetuhattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 44976	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hebowamrsvattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 37698	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dpmtjtohbrattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 4152	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hrqgrfxkbdattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 16982	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wrcjlsqomuattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 238	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gemxjmllshattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 35697	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> oiycbrsoopattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 3309	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nmmxyxjrhfattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 49596	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> epwikqybixattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 14490	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> csvdqhxbmoattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 9065	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gkasdytlwmattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 208	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> baluhjvuywattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 44249	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jdomeibdweattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 43189	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ptnwdjteggattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 23021	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cefgpgkmmuattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 27221	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> rhyxqscacuattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 3587	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sjeipoxclmattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 43852	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kabdtffxdcattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 37437	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wwuoostchcattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 33427	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ccuxiavlciattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 20880	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ealsufxcjaattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 17973	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> aadkdcxfkiattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 42231	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gtndbnhlofattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 23780	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> geqjgpqsxrattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 31861	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fylhnsscyuattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 44969	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xctgrnbrhfattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 8740	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pfifxdhyacattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 36716	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> sgcmvghdnnattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 24830	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ktfkammaqsattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 32415	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xsttybwmrlattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 48758	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cfpetcfmwiattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 41843	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nitokrbcfaattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 24704	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jurdawpwiuattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 9368	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cdtowwqexuattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 13130	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> dmndlfavchattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 4293	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xusvslcsgfattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 6821	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kjsxrvutdeattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 36467	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ndsipvbxbcattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 2754	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> objgwgcaksattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 38393	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vxlntmowqyattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 21620	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wnxvtdwevfattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 48143	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> qxmmmbleaaattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 6973	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mxsibpnawbattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 5799	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wiymjmqlnmattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 33189	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> pdkqvxqsbdattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 29687	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wmngygtosmattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 44762	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> stmotgjvjcattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 56	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> shvunpjjdoattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 26101	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xpkrvupfwlattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 13512	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vbkjsusxlmattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 12958	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yviusydsmaattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 138	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qiwkfpiqdqattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 5469	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> psxlrdehdnattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 18991	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cchjurdaklattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 1306	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> yoittmbactattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 49325	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fmwagcarnvattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 4372	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> obwiqxissdattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 30181	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> uuncxpvlneattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 11948	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ysyrsjlnpoattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 4715	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> lyujoswcwcattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 29416	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jrvfcjstypattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 30951	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> aleqgcsegoattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 5898	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qlyuvrouhgattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 7457	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sncarugxlnattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 37172	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> jnyhgpcpxvattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 13668	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> iwbarhxfugattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 46638	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> coxkhacfvmattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 35110	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> icncllkitlattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 56	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xprfrumqjeattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 14869	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xrejfotcamattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 29472	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ocbhynxiuqattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 33803	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> uqxcirgkgmattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 23149	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bygcpgkkyjattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 37911	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> exnmruxyhmattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 3	budget of boy-> 8675	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> basqjdbimaattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 24024	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> xydrtdsdsuattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 16017	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rspdwsmlvlattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 16648	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> wgdsjvwesuattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 2061	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ekkddwrykhattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 33559	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rlxejuifpvattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 21765	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> attgsnhdusattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 48508	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> tebgcmlrikattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 5558	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> edlyrvcmqeattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 29423	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fyphldbuoaattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 22097	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> clltjpjauyattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 33945	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vmmipnfgouattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 20673	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lasuscupdtattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 42844	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> iwxylfhcciattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 12542	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> uoonsjdygdattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 43113	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kmjxtqcvygattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 10914	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> fpiyclxiqcattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 2449	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lkygbccdiyattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 49937	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> emvgbtqrwbattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 22936	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vrtatydexpattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 24543	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gfpjbjbakmattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 15007	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> yuyuvebttqattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 49569	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> bcbdlffvtwattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 38561	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> gtccxdxuvhattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 19231	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> iekujpsdneattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 45168	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> odcnjaifjeattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 38439	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> uepewljkpiattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 26283	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ojixlqfuwvattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 39481	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> muljgwvxffattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 4762	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> vodhhieeepattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 27665	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> mlwsivsqbxattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 15383	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yxpgjvknmxattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 6330	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> txxcvtuwrwattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 20912	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> limueykswrattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 44081	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> euxaotahsrattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 45781	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> oyovxcqvvwattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 28683	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dsnsopcjjsattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 29072	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xyovdfraffattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 42893	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nlmcbonmhbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 18238	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ontsvosbvqattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 49635	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ysbchrpossattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 46824	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> mmpkdilacaattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 9693	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> lqouigjdyiattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 39066	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> guhlgtlivaattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 10713	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fnbpvmvvvtattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 26485	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gifoetwatwattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 16185	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xakumgsibxattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 16	budget of boy-> 25716	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yrifnhgiesattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 33348	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xvblcvvfvkattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 29781	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bjlostyxoyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 15626	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ybjbwijtudattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 44155	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qqckkckydaattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 18	budget of boy-> 9494	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ulgutpqputattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 47871	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> mcfyepxhptattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 27188	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> yghtxalvwcattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 35205	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> hxnnnnwgjiattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 7679	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nvtlwhjtjpattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 29688	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> lqrcgoiqamattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 38456	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> drucyexlvrattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 8174	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rotygerislattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 21657	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ypxbvvmspkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 46759	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xjdgpwqkjaattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 32370	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> kajhxvanjlattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 34074	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> kgecdvmoxnattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 40816	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qcfoxhdhsoattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 5831	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> muersshqgaattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 39	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qscqahbuxgattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 26129	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> cutundmwdkattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 27329	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wmlyvottukattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 47500	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> ujokmbjqnxattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 33198	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> muaijwfhhoattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 10882	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> rixgliyyipattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 45074	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vrniqspajjattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 9744	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cotnysnhieattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 12239	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gtkypayylyattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 9142	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> gnmficnrgmattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 8849	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> syiibhiohmattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 17562	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> cpqlrgfbvxattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 3829	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> dpbgxjuhxpattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 28988	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ghuxpaylaoattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 23443	min_attraction_of_girl -> 0	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kqeicbratgattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 36920	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> egbvidkjrvattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 47623	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> qqksteunlaattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 41275	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> iouqrfakdjattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 37932	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> agtumpiaraattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 31071	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> nkdfsgrvprattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 7	budget of boy-> 26010	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> sywfoiiiksattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 4735	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> ucmnkfmaydattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 47656	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> fdpvnxextbattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 22536	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> odyyklckogattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 27740	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> vhqjhxibyuattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 28353	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> jaytmdedjsattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 0	budget of boy-> 36076	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ioqsmbvovjattractiveness of boy-> 8	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 12405	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> fburebxqtiattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 26815	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> ggpvhlkgwqattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 14063	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qjvwnvpjejattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 1655	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> neevqqenhnattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 13242	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> detqajbgttattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 10738	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> slljcpylfeattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 13	budget of boy-> 24425	min_attraction_of_girl -> 5	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> eywflalhtkattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 28510	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xyfdoeovkgattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 13840	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> onrangjjqoattractiveness of boy-> 7	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 3118	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> rqcixtfkcoattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 19	budget of boy-> 17614	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> cpvrvgdowjattractiveness of boy-> 3	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 34622	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> qcfqvkdxcbattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 5	budget of boy-> 31532	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> wbnujrmgdxattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 15	budget of boy-> 8053	min_attraction_of_girl -> 4	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> hkefwkfylnattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 30258	min_attraction_of_girl -> 3	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> losugfbjfhattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 8	budget of boy-> 196	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> gwbdhgftwlattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 11	budget of boy-> 15823	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> okfurhewqxattractiveness of boy-> 9	intelligence of boy-> 4	budget of boy-> 25741	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> nfhxlmrkarattractiveness of boy-> 2	intelligence of boy-> 12	budget of boy-> 25425	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> kmefvlcnjeattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 10	budget of boy-> 10121	min_attraction_of_girl -> 2	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> bojpcdccwkattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 49108	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> xfetqhjangattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 9	budget of boy-> 19164	min_attraction_of_girl -> 7	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> dixfnckkolattractiveness of boy-> 1	intelligence of boy-> 2	budget of boy-> 23677	min_attraction_of_girl -> 1	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> hfqxodadjhattractiveness of boy-> 0	intelligence of boy-> 1	budget of boy-> 6438	min_attraction_of_girl -> 8	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
name -> vxjjbtvphwattractiveness of boy-> 4	intelligence of boy-> 14	budget of boy-> 17668	min_attraction_of_girl -> 6	type_of_committed_boy -> The Geeks	
name -> auipxksjrjattractiveness of boy-> 5	intelligence of boy-> 17	budget of boy-> 45448	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Miser	
name -> xdgyycrgylattractiveness of boy-> 6	intelligence of boy-> 6	budget of boy-> 46239	min_attraction_of_girl -> 9	type_of_committed_boy -> The Generous	
